phpMyEdit setup scripts specification
-------------------------------------

Based on the ideas by Doug Hockinson <webmaster@metrodenver.org>
                  and Ondrej Jombik <nepto@pobox.sk>

18/Dec/2002

--

1. Remove phpMyEditSetup.php, create setup/ directory with starting
index.php file. Can you imagine some situation when directory will not
be desirable? I know that it is more difficult to remove directory
using FTP command line connection, but setup scripts are not and will
not be vulnerable (thus they can remain untouched also in production
stable sites).

2. For each configuration page (DB selection, table selection, ID
selection) create its own script. This should results into higher
setup scripts maintainability.

3. Use some cool setup scripts design. At least with header and footer
included from separate files. In header there can be "phpMyEdit
Configuration Central" written (or something similary splendid :-)

4. After selecting/choosing all DB parameters, menu should appear
where user can choose several things.
    - to write code to disk
    - to display code on the screen
    - option for writting/displaying heavily of less commented code
    - more approaches can be used (for example the one that it is now,
      or "your" with all possible options present where unused can be
      removed/deleted later)

5. After all CSS stylesheet configurator could be displayed. Maybe we
will be able to use some from existing CSS generators coded in PHP (I
hope that something like this exists). The compulsory condition for
this is to have CSS classes policy finished and coded into phpMyEdit
core class. However, now this has the biggest priority, since
documentation is almost done and will be published soon.

--

As regards displaying the calling script in the web browser, I was
reminded of something. On some javascript web site, their scripts
appear in a TEXTAREA box. Below this box is a button labeled HIGHLIGHT
ALL.  Clicking the button highlights the text/code in the textarea so
the user can right-click with the mouse and copy the text. If the
calling script appeared in a relatively small TEXTAREA may leave room
to display some additional information.

--

I like this because I have shot myself in the foot several times ...
by allowing phpMyEditSetup.php to over-write existing scripts.
Perhaps the default setting should be No Disk Write.

--

Perhaps there are Theme Sets / Styles that could be gathered together.
Perhaps the people from http://www.htmlhelp.com/ would have something
to contribute (their work is included in the TopStyle software).

The length of displayed INPUT boxes in Netscape 4.x is a concern, as
is sometimes the display width of certain table cells. While I use and
appreciate Netscape 4.x, it is difficult for me to to believe that
almost all the libraries in Colorado are using Netscape 4.01 ...  and
it is integrated into the library Card Catalog network.

http://www.searchbliss.com/webmaster_tools/CSS_generator.htm

